# Opportunity List Project

1. The NDB Model created to process and store the CSV file data is called Opportunities. The model stores the main data (uid, name, url, description, deadline, date, and tags)

2. The main page function takes an uploaded CSV file and parses it for storing in the Opportunities NDB Model. When there is not a UID provided one is generated by removing white spaces from the name of the Opportunity and adding dashes instead to make it one long string/word.

3. For how I would handle a request of a different format being uploaded to the application would be in two contexts.

    If the csv file headers are different everytime.
        If the file headers are not the same in different scenarios being uploaded then there would need to be a similarity check between the data that is in each field of the new csv file and of the data that is already uploaded to the datastore. Then there would need to be approval from the user and storage back into the Opportunities model. If the additional info is need to be stored then another model can be made with a newly created opportunity model as the parent and the additional info as the child with the extra data.

    If the csv file headers are the same as they are in the csv file 2 example everytime.
        The same as above but minus the data field similarity checking. All that would need to be done is to hardcode the fields to the same fields as the app would get creating the opportunity model with the first type of csv file. Then make another model with the additional info and have the opportunity model as the parent.

4. The only ndb model needed for this is a favorites model that contains the opportunity that is favorited withing it.

5. In the app when a user enters their ID they are provided the option to favorite a entry in the data table. On click of the favorite button it takes the user to a page with a table showing their favorites so far.

6. There is a button on the page listing the opportunity data called Favorite JSON. On click it uses the webapp2 endpoint to direct the user to a page displaying all the users favorite opportunities in json format.
